title: Meetup with Industry 
author: peeters
slug: events-meetup-industry
category:
tags: eventsMeetupIndustry
order: 1
parent: events

The annual ISMIR (International Society for Music Information Retrieval) Conference is the world’s leading R&D forum for music tech since 2000.For the first time, the 2018 edition in Paris will include a Meetup with Industry, organized by Antescofo with support from Deezer and Pandora. Whether you are music tech. company, a researcher, or a music industry practitioner, this event is for you. This will be a unique networking platform, and a perfect opportunity to: 
- Discover and shape the future of music technology - Connect with and recruit top talent from the MIR community- Meet world-class experts and explore the current state-of-the-art in music tech. applications- Connect with and learn from leading music tech. companies- Discover music startups leveraging latest technologies in a variety of music applications- Exchange with other players and startups in the music industry- Showcase and market latest products and services**What**: Half-day event with Industry talks, accelerator pitches, and networking activities (Full program available soon...)**When**: Thursday September 27, 2018, in the afternoon**Where**: at [Station F](https://stationf.co), the biggest startup campus in the world, in the heart of Paris**Speakers** (tentatively confirmed):- Oscar Celma, Head of Research, Pandora- Doug Eck, Senior Staff Research Scientist, Google Brain- Sarah Gasperi, Business Manager France, BMAT- Sophie Goossens, Counsel, Reed Smith LLP- Eric Humphrey, Senior Machine Learning Researcher, Spotify- Ludovic Pouilly, SVP Institutional & Music Industry Relations, Deezer**Confirmed company presence**
- Antescofo- BMAT- Deezer- Google- Pandora- Reed Smith LLP- Spotify- TheLynk- And counting...## Registration:
- Registered participants to the ISMIR conference will be granted automatic access to the meetup.- [Industry partners]({filename}/pages/partnersCall.md) of ISMIR 2018 will be granted automatic access to the meetup.- Startups located at Station F will be granted automatic access to the meetup- Registration will be open to industry affiliate and the general public. (Registration links available soon…)## Do You Want More?!!!??!Companies who wish to participate even further in the ISMIR conference, and during a whole week interact with the international community of MIR researchers and practitioners, dive deep into state-of-the-art MIR R&D, and take advantage of diverse partnership opportunities should consult the [call-for-sponsorship]({filename}/pages/partnersCall.md).**Contact:**Email: [ismir2018-meetup-industry@ismir.net](mailto:ismir2018-meetup-industry@ismir.net)